# Project-1
In this project, we will be exploring various distributions of confirmed cases of RSV through regions with different control factors such as age, race, and vaccination distribution. Once the data we need is cleaned and sorted we will visualize it in various ways and make predictions on spikes in different areas. 

ANALYSIS:

Overall, we can conclude from these data that RSV spikes greatest during the fall and winter months when viral illness tends to thrive, as evidenced by the line charts across all years in our data (October, November, December, January, and February). The south-central area of the United States (Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas) sees more hospitalizations related to RSV. In particular, there are more hospitalized male infants possibly due to males having a smaller diameter airway than females. We noticed a slight decrease in positive tests in 2020 which could be related to the increased global focus on the COVID-19 epidemic. Additionally, the available data for 2020 stops after 6 months, which is a sizable limiting factor and could be responsible for the decreased positive tests. Like we concluded earlier, RSV surges in the winter months, and while our dataset has pertinent data for January and February, the data for the colder months at the end of 2020 are absent. Given the trend of the overall positive cases in previous years, we can safely predict that if the 2020 data were fully available, positive tests would surge at the end of the year and balance out around an average of 7.5% percent positive cases for the year. Thus, this also represents a potential future direction for the dataset. Another interesting analysis that could be conducted in the future would be the correlation between positive RSV tests and hospitalization for a given region. We explored whether there were just regional trends for positive testing or regional trends in hospitilzation rates; however, it is worth exploring if the amount of postive tests in a region can predict hospitalizations for RSV. Our data would support a strong positive correlation, but without a correlational analysis, we can not confirm there is any relationship. 
